Hey, I'm Chase and I'm a product marketer here at Figma. >> And I'm L and I'm a product manager here at Figma working on Figma make. Now you can open make, connect your code base, and make handles all of the setup for you. It spins up a dev server in the background previewing your actual app and let you use it and click through screens and states. It's the same experience your users are seeing. Since this is local development, you can just get in there and start working until you're ready to create a branch and submit a PR. >> It is a wild experience to see your actual product but be able to change it exactly the way that you want it. >> One of the biggest changes in make is the ability to change code in a Figma editing panel. If you're designing with AI, you know the pain of prompting tiny changes. Instead, you can now open up a Figma edit panel and make. You can select elements, change their layouts, alter text, switch fonts or font sizes, and almost every other Figma style editing action. >> To improve prompting and make it more contextual, we now have annotations in make. I can add annotations directly on the rendered screen. I can link a Figma frame. I can add images. And I can even speak my feedback using voice mode. And I can annotate several elements at once across different parts of the screen. >> And all of those annotations, plus any direct edits you've already made, get passed to the model together. It works through all of them at once. Make lets you work the way you'd actually design. Think, ask for feedback, interact with your product, decide what should be different, and design those changes in code. >> Now, designers and design-minded builders like me have the agency to actually make changes themselves. >> Your engineer gets a new old pull request and reviews it the same way they would anything else. Their workflow is completely unchanged. And because this make experience fits into your existing workflows, all of the CI checks and review processes stay the exact same. You can even connect MCP servers and use your engineering skills to resolve merge conflicts and CI check failures. This new version of Make is gradually rolling out starting today in Figma's [music] desktop app. We're starting with designers who are already working to ship code to production and soon we'll be opening up access for all Figma users. >> Sign up for the waitlist and once you have access, try it on something that's been bothering you. Something specific but probably important. That's where Make really shines. >> We'd love to hear what you think, what works, what doesn't, what you wish it could do. That's how we're going to make it better. >> [music]