Hey everyone, I'm Rodrigo. I'm a product manager at
Figma, and I work on agents. Hi, my name is Tammy. I'm a product designer at Figma,
and I also work on agents. And today we are so excited to
introduce to you the new agent in Figma. Let's jump into a few examples of how
you can put the Figma agent to work. First up, there are some tasks that
just take forever and feel so tedious and takes you out of your flow. Imagine having to make an edit that
repeats throughout your design, like a component that needs to be
swapped out or a padding change. And then imagine you've got the
same work across 30 screens. Or scenarios where you want to
populate a large number of frames with realistic content, user
reviews, profile pictures, imagery. That's exactly the stuff
the agent can help you with. In fact, we used our own agent
to iterate on its design. For example, when making one change
to the prompt box, I asked the agent to apply that edit to all screens in
the flow, saving me 15 to 30 minutes. You don't have to wait
or go grab a coffee. I mean, you can if you want, but
instead you can just run lots of explorations in parallel on the canvas. You can select a single
node, have it focus on that. You can select many parent frames or
just have it explore the whole canvas. The agent works right in front of you
so you can tweak its outputs as you go, we've heard from people who maintain
design libraries that the agent can help a lot with complex but repetitive tasks,
things that would accelerate the team a lot, but it's sometimes hard to find
time for, things like consistent naming conventions, updating old off-brand
tokens, and creating usage guidelines. And there's a lot more to come here. So let's talk about how you can combine
AI generation with direct manipulation. AI makes it fast and easy to generate
a jumping off point, whether you're creating a new screen from scratch
or making edits to an existing one. Good design means trying lots
of different approaches before settling on the best option. You can collaborate with the Figma
agent to do more explorations faster. So you can take an existing
design and remix it. You can try out different layouts to get
a feel for the most elegant information architecture, and you can try out
wilder or more provocative directions for inspiration or entertainment. I never do that. Now, in practice, we don't think
designers should generate a one-shot screen and call it a day. And while the agent can riff the
results sometimes spark an idea that you can adjust, tweak, and refine
with the full power of your mouse and Figma's direct manipulation. It's Figma layers all the way down. You can generate screens from
scratch that use your attached design libraries, have the agent choose the
proper components and tokens based on context, or tell it exactly which
ones to use by @ mentioning them. And the agent can use many other Figma
tools and context as well, including image editing, image generation, and even
educational product information, so we can all finally learn how to use auto layout. Anyways, design is a team sport. When you build in isolation,
you skip the internal feedback loops that product teams rely on. Crit, design files covered
with comments, philosophical discussions, practical discussions. It really is a critical
part of the process. There's really nothing quite like multiple
teammates working on a design together at the same time in the same file, or
seeing the multiple options laid out side by side so you can check if a flow
hangs together from a bird's-eye view. A collaborative work can sometimes
involve a lot of people and threads, so we spent some time how to make
the agent helpful in these scenarios. If your design files are anything
like ours, it's not unusual to end up with a file that has 50, 100 comments,
maybe more, and it can be tough to read through and consider each one,
no matter how insightful they are. But the agent can help here. It can summarize comments
by topic or theme. It could break comments down and
explain them if maybe they're not super clear first time. And of course, it can take a
first stab at addressing either individual comments or whole themes. There's so much more you can
do with the Figma agent, and we can't wait for you to try it out. We've barely scratched the surface here. And there's a lot more
to come, and quickly. We're working to give the agent even
more context from attachments, other tools, the internet, as well as giving
users a way to customize its behavior. So starting today, the agent's rolling
out gradually so we can make sure the experience is stable and high quality So stress test it, try new things,
adapt it to your workflow, break it, and then tell us all about
it so we can make it better. We'd love to hear your thoughts. We really can't wait for
you to get your hands on it. And if we don't see you
before, see you at Config.